feat: add `blas/ext/base/sxsy` (#13030)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/blas/ext/base/sxsy/README.md

```math
\mathbf{y} = \mathbf{x} - \mathbf{y}
```

<!-- </equation> -->

This API is a specialized version of the package [`@stdlib/blas/ext/base/saxpby`][@stdlib/blas/ext/base/saxpby] with `α = 1` and `β = -1` and performs element-wise subtraction between two vectors.

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var sxsy = require( '@stdlib/blas/ext/base/sxsy' );
```

#### sxsy( N, x, strideX, y, strideY )

Subtracts elements of a single-precision floating-point strided array `y` from the corresponding elements of a single-precision floating-point strided array `x` and assigns the results to `y`.

```javascript
var Float32Array = require( '@stdlib/array/float32' );

var x = new Float32Array( [ 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0, 5.0 ] );
var y = new Float32Array( [ 2.0, 4.0, 6.0, 8.0, 10.0 ] );

sxsy( x.length, x, 1, y, 1 );
// y => <Float32Array>[ -1.0, -2.0, -3.0, -4.0, -5.0 ]
```

The function has the following parameters:

-   **N**: number of indexed elements.
-   **x**: input [`Float32Array`][@stdlib/array/float32].
-   **strideX**: stride length for `x`.
-   **y**: output [`Float32Array`][@stdlib/array/float32].
-   **strideY**: stride length for `y`.

> The `N` and stride parameters determine which elements in the strided arrays are accessed at runtime. For example, to add every other element of `x` to every other element of `y`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `N` and stride parameters determine which elements in the strided arrays are accessed at runtime. For example, to subtract every other element of `y` from every other element of `x`:
```

// Initial arrays...
var x0 = new Float32Array( [ 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0, 5.0, 6.0 ] );
var y0 = new Float32Array( [ 7.0, 8.0, 9.0, 10.0, 11.0, 12.0 ] );

// Create offset views...
var x1 = new Float32Array( x0.buffer, x0.BYTES_PER_ELEMENT*1 ); // start at 2nd element
var y1 = new Float32Array( y0.buffer, y0.BYTES_PER_ELEMENT*2 ); // start at 3rd element

sxsy( 3, x1, 1, y1, 1 );
// y0 => <Float32Array>[ 7.0, 8.0, -7.0, -7.0, -7.0, 12.0 ]
```

#### sxsy.ndarray( N, x, strideX, offsetX, y, strideY, offsetY )

Subtracts elements of a single-precision floating-point strided array `y` from the corresponding elements of a single-precision floating-point strided array `x` and assigns the results to `y` using alternative indexing semantics.

```javascript
var Float32Array = require( '@stdlib/array/float32' );

var x = new Float32Array( [ 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0, 5.0 ] );
var y = new Float32Array( [ 2.0, 4.0, 6.0, 8.0, 10.0 ] );

sxsy.ndarray( x.length, x, 1, 0, y, 1, 0 );
// y => <Float32Array>[ -1.0, -2.0, -3.0, -4.0, -5.0 ]
```

The function has the following additional parameters:

-   **offsetX**: starting index for `x`.
-   **offsetY**: starting index for `y`.

> While [`typed array`][mdn-typed-array] views mandate a view offset based on the underlying buffer, the offset parameters support indexing semantics based on starting indices. For example, to add the last three elements of `x` to the last three elements of `y`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While [`typed array`][mdn-typed-array] views mandate a view offset based on the underlying buffer, the offset parameters support indexing semantics based on starting indices. For example, to subtract the last three elements of `y` from the last three elements of `x`:
```
